README.md, before:

#Level One Show Website - Licensing Information
##Source Code Usage:
If you wish to use this source code for this website, feel free too! The only requirements
that I, Nick Pleatsikas, ask of are that:

- You give proper credit to all of the people mentioned in this document.
- Do **NOT** reuse the code as is for **COMMERCIAL** use (i.e. change it in some way).
- Email me at nick@nickcp.com describing what you would like to use the code for **ONLY IF**
you plan to use it commercially and that you agree to the aforementioned terms. You don't
have to email me if you plan to use the code for personal use.

##1st Party Licenses:

*Art:* This website used art created by [Fulltone GFX]((http://fulltone.weebly.com/index.html)), based on the original designs
created by [Nick Pleatsikas](nickcp.com) for the Level One Show, who has given express
permission allowing I, Nick Pleatsikas, to use this art in conjunction with the Level One
Show to create this website.

## 3rd Party Licenses:

**Fonts:**
 
 *Bebas Neue:* Created by Dharma Type, Bebas Neue is used in all of the titles an subtitles.
 It is registered under the SIL Open Font License v1.1.
 
 *Yanone Kaffeesatz:* Created by Yanone, this font is used in the paragraphs and
 other description sections of this website. It is registered under the SIL Open
 Font License v1.1.

**Plugins:**

*Pure JS One Page Scroll:* This is a plugin for websites developed by Pete R. that allows for one
HTML file to be represented as multiple scrolling pages. You can get the plugin
at [his website.](http://www.thepetedesign.com/demos/purejs_onepage_scroll_demo.html)

Commit message:

README.md Update #2
Changed to reflect certain inherited CC license terms.

README.md, after:

#Level One Show Website - Licensing Information
##Source Code Usage:
If you wish to use this source code for this website, feel free too! This code is licensed under CC
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. In essence, it means these things:

- You give proper credit to all of the people mentioned in this document.
- You can copy and redistribute the code freely, as long as you fulfill the above requirement.
- You can adapt the code in any way that you want.

One other requirement I would like others to fulfill this requirement:
- Email me at nick@nickcp.com describing what you would like to use the code for **ONLY IF**
you plan to use it commercially and that you agree to the aforementioned terms. You don't
have to email me if you plan to use the code for personal use.

##1st Party Licenses:

*Art:* This website used art created by [Fulltone GFX]((http://fulltone.weebly.com/index.html)), based on the original designs
created by [Nick Pleatsikas](nickcp.com) for the Level One Show, who has given express
permission allowing I, Nick Pleatsikas, to use this art in conjunction with the Level One
Show to create this website.

## 3rd Party Licenses:

**Fonts:**
 
 *Bebas Neue:* Created by Dharma Type, Bebas Neue is used in all of the titles and subtitles.
 It is registered under the SIL Open Font License v1.1.
 
 *Yanone Kaffeesatz:* Created by Yanone, this font is used in the paragraphs and
 other descriptive sections of this website. It is registered under the SIL Open
 Font License v1.1.

**Plugins:**

*Pure JS One Page Scroll:* This is a plugin for websites developed by Pete R. that allows for one
HTML file to be represented as multiple scrolling pages. You can get the plugin
at [his website.](http://www.thepetedesign.com/demos/purejs_onepage_scroll_demo.html). The
plugin is licensed under the CC Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
